docs: add rules for versioning and availability (#5002)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/contribute/style-guide-for-n8n-docs.md

### Marking deprecations and removals

Deprecated features still work but you shouldn't use them. Removed features no longer exist. Follow the placement rules above, plus:

* **Name the replacement and the removal version**, if known: "Use `publish:workflow` instead. n8n removes `update:workflow` in 3.0". If removal isn't scheduled, say so: "Removal isn't scheduled yet".
* **Always name the version** that deprecates or removes something. Don't use vague timeframes like "soon" or "in the near future".
* **For a deprecated item in a table**, tag the identifier with `(deprecated)` and state the version in the description. For example:

  | Variable | Type | Default | Description |
  | :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
  | `N8N_RUNNERS_ENABLED` (deprecated) | Boolean | `false` | Whether task runners are enabled. Deprecated from n8n 2.0; you no longer need to set it. Still required in 1.x, where you must set it to `true`. |

### Deprecated, removed, and versioned nodes

Node version facts live in one place: [Deprecated and versioned nodes](https://app.gitbook.com/s/BKcbOzIWja8NfqKDcqHc/builtin/deprecated-nodes). This page is auto-updated from the codebase.

## Vale linting

> n8n uses [Vale](https://docs.errata.ai/) to lint documentation. Linting enforces the rules defined in this guide and supports writing quality.

Author: ```suggestion
n8n uses [Vale](https://vale.sh/) to lint documentation. Linting enforces the rules defined in this guide and supports writing quality.
```
